At the block level,
you must select the option add block.
A new block is added to the page.
You can now create the content for the block
On the block card,
select the gearwheel button labeled,
click to edit,
and choose Edit from the options.
This opens the block settings menu.
In the field labeled title,
enter a new block title.
You can choose to add content to
the body section of the block.
Select the green button labeled
save located at the top left
of the screen in the sidebar.
When you select the save button,
Adapt will automatically save your
block title and content and take you
back to the page structure menu.